= Skype bot howto:
== Description
Take charge of your Skype chat communication by using this IRC bouncer for all instant messaging.  (Including Skype, AIM, GTALK, Jabber, MSN, yahoo, and more!).  IRC clients remain king of configurability and notification settings.

== Clients: 
An IRC client is all that's needed to communicate!  Never miss a message again.
==== Android
  Recommended: Counter Culture IRC ($4.99)
==== IPhone
  Recommended: colloquy for iphone
==== Archlinux
  Recommended: xchat-svn (with gnome-shell)
==== OSX
  Recommended: colloquy or xchat-aqua

== Install
==== Installing with RightScale (chef)
RightScale (free) user?  Take an easy test drive with this [http://www.rightscale.com/library/server_templates/Skype-bot-platform/22707)

==== Installing with chef
Use regular methods of bootstrapping with chef+solo.  See metadata.rb for configuration options.

== Manual Startup Sequence

Start the windows manager and VNC server.
  ~/bin/xvfb-run-start.sh start
  ~/bin/x11vnc-start.sh

Manage skyped with monit incase skyped ever crashes.
  /usr/sbin/monit -l ~/monit.log

== QuickStart
You will need to run the following commands to setup skype for the first time in a VNC session.

  ssh ec2_your_server.hostname -L 5900:localhost:5900
  
Use your favorite vnc client to connect to localhost:5900.  I use gvncviewer.

  gvncviewer localhost

You will be using blackbox window manager.  Right click to open an xterm.

  skype &

Setup skype for the first time and check "remember password".

Skype will continue running.  Then start monit to monitor a new daemon called skyped.

  /usr/sbin/monit -l /home/myuser/monit.log
  tail -20 /home/myuser/monit.log #is it able to successfully run skyped?

Now skyped is running.  Restart bitlbee daemon (as root).

  /etc/init.d/bitlbee restart

Now install and configure znc.

  apt-get install znc
  znc --makeconf

Use znc listen port of your choice, you will need to use an open port.
Follow the interactive instructions and when prompted for "server" to connect to use '127.0.0.1'

==== Talking to your new personal assistant @root of &bitlbee

Use your favorite IRC client to connect to ec2_your_server.hostname:znc_port .  Follow the bitlbee bot's instructions to register a new account and add your favorite instant messaging servers to the configuration.  See [http://bitlbee.org] for more documentation.  The znc bouncer will keep you connected and online while on the go.
